<cen>GENERAL CONDITIONS OF PARTNERSHIP [VICTORIA, requires updating]<p>
Schedule Items 1. A reference in this document to an Item is a reference to an Item in the Schedule which isattached to and forms part of this deed.Partnership Business 2. The partnership business is stated in Item 2 and includes any other business agreed by thepartners.Commencement 3. The partnership starts on the starting date stated in Item 3 and continues until ended inaccordance with this deed.4. The partners will:Firm name 
(a) carry on the partnership business under the partnership name stated in Item 4 or anyother name agreed by the partnersPlace of Business
 (b) carry on the partnership business at the place of business stated in Item 5 or anyother place agreed by the partners.Bank Account 
(c) maintain a partnership bank account at a bank agreed by the partners. The bankaccount may be operated only in the ordinary course of the partnership business.Cheques drawn on the partnership account must be signed as agreed by thepartners.Ownership 
5. The percentages stated in Item 6 apply to:(a) contribution of capital;(b) ownership of assets;(c) share of profit;(d) liability of losses.Loans by partners 
6. The following will be treated as interest free loans repayable on demand:(a) capital contributions in excess of percentage ownership;(b) undrawn profits.Drawings 
7. Each partner may draw out of the partnership bank account agreed amounts on account ofprofits. Any partner who has drawn any sum in excess of the partner’s share of profit mustrepay the excess to the partnership account when the annual accounts of partnership areprepared.Salaries 
8. A partner may be paid an agreed salary which is to be treated as a working expense.Books of Account 
9. Books of account must be kept properly and must not be removed from their usual placewithout consent of the partners. Each partner may have free access to the books of accountand may copy them personally or by an agent.Annual Accounts 
10. Balance sheet, profit and loss statements and other appropriate accounts must be preparedas soon as possible after the end of the financial year. Copies must be supplied to allpartners who will be bound by them, but if any error is discovered within 12 months ofsupply, it must be rectified.Partners’ Duties 
11. The partners must:(a) devote all their time and attention to the partnership business during normal workinghours and use their best endeavours to carry it on for the benefit of the partnership;(b) obtain the consent of the other partners before engaging or, except for grossmisconduct, dismissing any agent or employee of the partnership;(c) punctually pay their personal liabilities and indemnify the other partners against them;(d) promptly pay all money, cheques and proceeds of negotiable instruments received bythem on account of the partnership into the partnership bank account;(e) be just and faithful to the other partners and at all times give them full information andtruthful explanations of all matters relating to the affairs of the partnership and givethem every assistance in carrying on the partnership business for their mutualadvantage.Restrictions 
12. A partner must not, without the prior written consent of the other partners:(a) directly or indirectly engage in any business other than that of the partnership;(b) use any of the partnership assets or pledge the partnership credit except in the ordinary course of partnership business;(c) have any dealings on behalf of the partnership with any person whom any other partner has previously forbidden the partner to trust;(d) lend any of the assets of the partnership;(e) give any security or promise for the payment of money by the partnership except in the ordinary course of partnership business;(f) endanger partnership property;(g) assign, mortgage or charge partnership assets or profits;(h) compromise, compound or, except on payment in full, release or discharge any partnership debt.A partner who breaches any provision in this clause must indemnify the other partners against any resulting loss or expense.End of Partnership 
13. The partnership ends in any of the following ways:Agreement 
13.1 If the partners agree.Expulsion 
13.2 If a partner (the “defaulting partner”) defaults by:(a) breaching any of the provisions of clauses 11 or 12;(b) committing an act of bankruptcy or taking any step under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Act 1966;(c) having that partner’s interest in the partnership taken in execution under any legal process or rendering it liable to be sold by any mortgagee;(d) becoming physically or mentally unfit to attend to the partnership business;(e) being absent from the partnership business without the consent of the other partners for more than 6 weeks in any period of 12 months;(f) being convicted of a criminal offence involving dishonesty; or(g) doing or permitting anything which would be a ground for the dissolution of the partnership by a court;and the other partners, within one month after becoming aware of the default, serve written notice on the defaulting partner ending the partnership.Death 
13.3 If a partner (the “deceased partner”) dies.Retirment 
13.4 If a partner (the “retiring partner”) gives at least 3 months’ written notice of the date on which the retiring partner will retire.Effect of End of Partnership14.1 If the partnership is ended, the other partners may elect to carry on the partnership business by written notice:(a) if under clause 13.2, to the defaulting partner. The notice must be served at the date of service of the notice ending the partnership and the other partners must purchase the interest of the defaulting partner in the partnership as at the date of service of the notice;(b) if under clause 13.3, to the legal personal representative of the deceased partner.The notice must be served within one month of knowledge of death and the other partners must purchase the interest of the deceased partner as at the date of death;(c) if under clause 13.4, to the retiring partner. The notice must be served within one month of receiving notice of retirement from the retiring partner and the other partnersmust purchase the interest of the retiring partner as at the date of retirement.14.2 The purchase price and terms of payment may be agreed, but if not agreed, must be fixed by a suitably qualified valuer acceptable to the partners or appointed by the president of the Law Institute of Victoria at the request of any partner. The valuer may fix the charges for the valuation, which must be paid in the proportions of percentage ownership.14.3 The end of the partnership must be advertised as provided in section 41 of the Partnership Act 1958 and the cost of advertising must be paid in the proportions of percentage ownership.Realisation 
15. If the partnership is ended and the partners do not elect to carry on the partnership business in accordance with clause 14, then the assets of the partnership must be realised and the proceeds applied to this order:(a) the costs of realisation and distribution;(b) payment and discharge of liabilities;(c) repayment of loans from partners;(d) undrawn profits;(e) partners’ capital;and any surplus must be divided in the proportions of percentage ownership.Notices 
16. Any notice required by this deed may be given by a partner or partner’s solicitor and may be served personally or by post at the last known address of the partner. If posted, it will be deemed served 2 business days after posting.Mediation 
17. The partners must attempt to resolve any dispute by mediation. The mediation procedure is:(a) Any partner may start mediation by serving a mediation notice on the other partners.(b) The notice must state that a dispute has arisen and identify what is in dispute.(c) The partners must jointly appoint a mediator. If the partners fail to agree on the appointment within 7 days of service of the mediation notice, any partner may applyto the president of the Law Institute of Victoria to appoint a mediator.(d) The partners must comply with the instructions of the mediator.(e) If the dispute is not resolved within 30 days of the appointment of the mediator, or any other date agreed by the partners in writing, the mediation ceases.17.2 The mediator may fix the charges for the mediation which must be paid in the proportions of percentage ownership.17.3 If the dispute is settled, all partners must sign the terms of settlement and these terms are binding on the partners.17.4 The mediation is confidential and:(a) written statements prepared by the mediator or the partners, and(b) any discussions between the participants to the mediation, before or during the mediation, cannot be used in any legal proceedings.17.5 It must be a term of the engagement of the mediator that the partners release the mediator from any court proceedings relating to the partnership or the mediation.Governing law 
18. The law of Victoria applies to the partnership.Additional Terms 
19. This deed included any additional terms endorsed on or annexed to it.
DATED the day of 20SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by: